Add certutil http command (#49827)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/plugin/security/cli/src/main/resources/org/elasticsearch/xpack/security/cli/certutil-http/ca-readme-p12.txt

There are two files in this directory:

1. This README file
2. ${P12}

## ${P12}

The "${P12}" file is a PKCS#12 format keystore.

> It contains a copy of your Certificate Authority and the associated private key.

Author: ```suggestion
It contains a copy of the certificate for your CA and its associated private key.
```
?

You should keep this file secure, and should not provide it to anyone else.

The sole purpose for this keystore is to generate new certificates if you add additional nodes to your Elasticsearch cluster, or need to
update the server names (hostnames or IP addresses) of your nodes.

This keystore is not required in order to operate any Elastic product or client.
We recommended that you keep the file somewhere safe, and do not deploy it to your production servers.

#if PASSWORD
Your keystore is protected by a password.
Your password has not been stored anywhere - it is your responsibility to keep it safe.
#else
Your keystore has a blank password.
It is important that you protect this file - if someone else gains access to your private key they can impersonate your Elasticsearch node.
#endif

If you wish to create additional certificates for the nodes in your cluster you can provide this keystore to the "elasticsearch-certutil"
utility as shown in the example below:

>     elasticsearch-certutil cert --ca ca.p12 --dns "hostname.of.your.node" --pass

Author: ++
